Dependency injection is also called Dependency inversion also.

Two things which really means a lot 
1. Main goal of Spring framework is how to decouple relationship between dependent Object 
2. Dependency Injection means separate the class which is dependent and inject them when its needed from outside.


>It is a design pattern that removes the dependency from the programming code so that it can be easy to manage and test the application. Dependency Injection makes our programming code loosely coupled.



## Dependency Lookup
To understand DI we should know DL which is `Dependency Lookup`.

is a way where we get resource on demand
```java
// There can be various ways to get the resource for example: 

A obj = new AImpl();  

// In such way, we get the resource(instance of A class) directly by new keyword. 

// --------------------------------------------------------------
// Another way is factory method:

A obj = A.getA();  

// This way, we get the resource (instance of A class) by calling the static factory method getA().


// --------------------------------------------------------------

// Alternatively, we can get the resource by JNDI (Java Naming Directory Interface) as:

Context ctx = new InitialContext();  
Context environmentCtx = (Context) ctx.lookup("java:comp/env");  
A obj = (A)environmentCtx.lookup("A");
```


#### Problems of Dependency Lookup

- **tight coupling** The dependency lookup approach makes the code tightly coupled. If resource is changed, we need to perform a lot of modification in the code.
- **Not easy for testing** This approach creates a lot of problems while testing the application especially in black box testing.

this is what it DI solves



## Dependency Injection

The Dependency Injection is a design pattern that removes the dependency of the programs. In such case we provide the information from the external source such as XML file. It makes our code loosely coupled and easier for testing. In such case we write the code as:

```java
class Employee{  
	 Address address;  

	Employee(Address address){  
	 this.address=address;  
	 }  
	public void setAddress(Address address){  
		this.address=address;  
	}  

	}  

```
 
In such case, instance of Address class is provided by external souce such as XML file either by constructor or setter method.

#### Two ways to perform Dependency Injection in Spring framework

Spring framework provides two ways to inject dependency

- By Constructor
- By Setter method



>We say Spring I have this object inject this  Dependency to this class and Spring will do it just writing `User user;`  will help


## Inversion of Control (IOC)

- IoC typically involves the delegation of control from a program or module to a framework or container. 

-  IoC often manifests through mechanisms like dependency injection, where the control over the creation and management of objects or components is handed over to a framework or container.



>IOC Inject Dependent classes into My class at run time.
>we have to tell it do so my configuration

