The JSP Page Directive is used to provide instructions and configuration settings for a particular JSP page. It is placed at the top of a JSP file, within `<%@ %>` tags, and provides information to the JSP container about how to process and handle the JSP page. Here's the syntax of the page directive:

```jsp
<%@ page attribute="value" import="java.util.Date" %>
```

Here are some of the common attributes you can use within the JSP page directive:

1. **`language`**: Specifies the scripting language used in the JSP page. It is typically set to "java" for Java-based JSP pages.

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page language="java" %>
   ```

2. **`contentType`**: Sets the content type of the response that will be sent to the client's browser. It determines the MIME type and character encoding for the output.

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page contentType="text/html; charset=UTF-8" %>
   ```

3. **`pageEncoding`**: Specifies the character encoding for the page. It's used in conjunction with the `contentType` attribute to define the character encoding for the response.

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page pageEncoding="UTF-8" %>
   ```

4. **`import`**: Imports Java packages or classes that you want to use within the JSP page. You can specify multiple import statements.

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page import="java.util.*, java.io.*" %>
   ```

5. **`session`**: Indicates whether the JSP page will use session tracking. You can set it to "true" or "false." If set to "true," the page will have access to the session object.

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page session="false" %>
   ```

6. **`errorPage`**: Specifies the URL of another JSP page to which the request will be forwarded in case of an unhandled exception in the current JSP page.

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page errorPage="error.jsp" %>
   ```

7. **`isErrorPage`**: Indicates whether the current JSP page is an error page. If set to "true," it means that this page is intended to handle errors.

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page isErrorPage="true" %>
   ```

8. **`buffer`**: Specifies the buffer size used for the JSP output. You can set it to "none," "8kb," "16kb," or "32kb."

   Example:
   ```jsp
   <%@ page buffer="16kb" %>
   ```

